Miss Ji, these are all the words for another day,
I hope this helps you remember what happened.
But it only indicates the amount of words, not too many women's hours and photos.
After hearing this, why are there no photos of women?
I remember that more than ten years ago, the other day, a family had a big business.
Almost everyone in his family died,
Everything that has no solution is burned away.
What? Guess that?
Big players in the field, applied audio,
I will find a way to have your father someday,
I will make a comparison with you then. No.
Get paid to do things?
Don't hold out hope for me or you either.
The success rate of seeking trust is not high
Otherwise, it wouldn’t be in the news every time
And for those who returned to shore to be human beings
I don’t want to treat him as a life-saver.
I really want to know how worth it
Treat him as if you are alive or not
They all want to find out and come back to me.
But alone
Think again about self-reliance
Arriving at the Three-Body Problem
Been getting back to me thank you